Week of Sep29 (#411)
xregistry/spec: core/http.md

  newly created entity, the HTTP status MUST be `201 Created`, and it MUST
  include an HTTP `Location` header with a URL to the newly created entity.
  Note that this URL MUST be the same as the `self` attribute of that entity.

> - In the `PUT` or `PATCH` cases directed at a single Resource or Version, and

Author: done

## Request Flags / Query Parameters

The [core xRegistry specification](./spec.md) defines a set of
[request flags](./spec.md#request-flags) that MAY be used to control the
processing of requests as well as influence how response messages are
generated. Each flag is mapped to an HTTP query parameter per the following
rules:

- When the flag is a boolean type of flag then it MUST be serialized
  as `?FLAG_NAME`, all lower case.
- When the flag has a single value associated with it, then it MUST be
  serialized as `?FLAG_NAME=VALUE`, where the `FLAG_NAME` MUST be all
  lower case. The flag MUST NOT be specified more than once.
- When the flag allows for multiple values, then each value MUST be

>   serialized as separate query parameters per the previous bullets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  serialized as a separate query parameter per the previous bullets.
```

(Just because "each" is singular...)
